Change Return Program
The user enters a cost and then the amount of money given.
The program will figure out the change and the number of quarters, dimes, nickels, pennies needed for the change.

Find max combination of 2 numbers in a sequence - n^2

Reverse a string
Enter a string and the program will reverse it and print it out.

Find Cost of Tile to Cover W x H Floor
Calculate the total cost of tile it would take to cover a floor plan of width and height, using a cost entered by the user.

Fizz Buzz
Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”.

Credit Card Validator
Takes in a credit card number from a common credit card vendor (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discoverer) and validates it to make sure that it is a valid number (look into how credit cards use a checksum).

Collatz Conjecture
Start with a number n > 1.
Find the number of steps it takes to reach one using the following process: If n is even, divide it by 2. If n is odd, multiply it by 3 and add 1.

Coin Flip Simulation
Write some code that simulates flipping a single coin however many times the user decides. The code should record the outcomes and count the number of tails and heads.

Count Words in a String
Counts the number of individual words in a string. For added complexity read these strings in from a text file and generate a summary.

Happy Numbers
A happy number is defined by the following process:
Starting with any positive integer, replace the number by the sum of the squares of its digits,
and repeat the process until the number equals 1 (where it will stay), or it loops endlessly in a cycle which does not include 1.
Those numbers for which this process ends in 1 are happy numbers, while those that do not end in 1 are unhappy numbers.
Display an example of your output here. Find first 8 happy numbers.
